Remove myriad plugin (#15131)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/get_started/get_started_demos.md

@endsphinxdirective

> The following two examples show how to run the same sample using GPU as the target device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to run the same sample using GPU as the target device.
```
